One of the great things about functions is that we can call to them when we need them and we can really
make use of them within our user interaction so we can actually have a user be the trigger to invoke
a function.
So what I'm doing is setting up a typical age to Mel button and they are going to give it a value and
this value is going to just say click me.
So we go back we refresh the page.
There we go.
We've got a button.
So what I want to do is I actually want to attach this button and I want something to happen when the
button gets clicked and we've got just built in javascript attributes that actually let us fire off
events and these events can be ones like on click and then you go into more detail about these later
on in the course.
But for now it's important to understand that we can set up a clickable auction on the bottom which
is going to invoke a function from our Javascript.
So let's call this one my fun and whenever this gets clicked we're going to actually invoke that function.
It's now it's set up a function.
And this is my fun.
And then within this function what I want to do is set up a variable and I'm going out of question and
within the question I'm going to equal that to a prompt and say What is your
and that's it.
So let's refresh it we click it we get the function and we're able to then make use of that information
within the code.
So what I want you to do now is add in this button use on click attribute within your age to smell and
create a function with the same name that you're invoking here so that whenever the button gets clicked
that you can run the code here within the function.
And as a next step I actually want you to ask the user what their name is and then update that output.
So the element with the ID out output and up to start with the response within the question.
So go ahead try that and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So we get to set up the input with a button on click my fun we could click it and it would invoke a
function and then within the function we are grabbing the return value of the product into a variable
question.
So the last part of this was to update the interface to a model of output.
So let's let's use the object in an HMO and from here once update and add in our response from the question.
So now whenever it gets clicked and asks What is my name so I can type in the name and it simply gets
out there and we can continue to add in multiple values.
Let's update our age to now so that routing in a bunch of responses to the question so whatever we're
adding here is going to continuously get added into the page to mail.
And this is one of the great uses of functions is because we can set this code up to run at any time
and invoke and actually do something with the input that's being entered into our into into our screen
here.
So that's an exercise for this lesson.
I want to create an array and to use what we've done earlier in this my find function where we take
him the user's name and we're going to add.
So an array of adjectives.
So this was just going to be a typical array and I'm going to put in some words here.
And then what I want to do is I ask the user their name.
Pick a random value from our array and then return that into our inner h t m l.
So we've got super we've got wonderful We've got bad
we've got angry
and careful.
Thank you.
So words to work with.
And so now what I want you to do plus the video and within the function select one of each is random
as random and attach it to the user's name so that just before the users names one of these descriptors
before the user's name.
So every time they click this button they can randomly generate a combined word from the array with
their value that they're entering in here so that should be their name.
So go ahead and take what we've learned in the previous lessons with not random and the math floor where
we can get a random value from the array and then return not within the inner H-2 amount of output element.
So try that out and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So let's let's set up our random value from the array.
So we know that we can select math floor that's actually we to have a variable so this will be
name tells us we're going into math floor.
And then if your mouth random and we multiply it by the length of the array.
So length so HGJ length and that will give us the length of the array.
So now all we need to do is use this one here.
So the incentive and then have that random selected array you we've out in this space as well.
And then the response to the questions on this one.
And here this is our random value which will return back a random item from the array.
So now let's try this so bad.
Lawrence angry Larry and we have in a number of different names and we get all of these random values
being returned back so wonderful John.
So by doing this we can invoke that function and make use of it at any time with our code and we can
also make use of some of the variables the global variables the array variables that we've been using
here with in our script outside of the function.
So the next lesson we going to see even more examples of what you can do with functions and creating
this type of interaction where the function actually gets invoked by the user from your age to melt.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.